NULL finally , we must not demonize any experience or initiative , whether negative or positive .
NULL what instruments does the commission believe would give the community the practical means required to impose such sanctions and does the commission have the political power to introduce them ?
NULL if the president of the council of ministers required to see a monument to the success to the turin conference , then obviously he would have been greatly disillusioned and disappointed here this morning when he came to report on the conference to the european parliament .
NULL in this report we are giving a political signal , telling them that we await them in the strasbourg family .
NULL let us ensure that they can assume an increasing amount of political responsibility and can thus effectively play an active part in helping to shape life in the european union .
NULL do we want to make it happen ?
NULL this will inevitably be a long-term enterprise , especially in that it involves an area where the community 's competence is limited .
NULL to take account of this vast , tragic situation is the most urgent task confronting all the nations of europe .
NULL in a community based on the rule of law such as the european union it seems that there can be no justification for pressurization and such blocking tactics as we have seen .
NULL furthermore , i learned this morning that the meeting had been cancelled at the last moment .
NULL and like the french bar , we are opposed to the absence of genuine controls and restrictions on the activities of migrant lawyers in host member states .
NULL the british government 's inept handling of the british-generated bse crisis has led to collapsing beef sales all across europe .
NULL we have heard a number of stories of failed coordination which has hampered the effectiveness of that aid .
NULL and all this may seriously delay implementation of the tacis programme for 1996 .
NULL - ( fr ) mr president , the arias cañete report on fishing problems in the north-western atlantic area comes before us at a time when it could hardly be more topical , since the euro-canadian declaration which should have been adopted by the council last week is still under examination today .
NULL subject : specific support and advice for human resources projects for women in disadvantaged regions
NULL the conventions , in other words international agreements , and intergovernmental cooperation in these domains are becoming increasingly unsuitable platforms from which to launch the campaign against crime in europe .
NULL i , too , want to wish him well in the work he is going to do for us in the european union over the next six months .
NULL here in parliament , we have on several occasions put forward very specific proposals concerning various aspects , including the harmonization of procedures , facilitating the return of abducted children , support measures for selfhelp organisations , better information , and the automatic provision of mutual assistance between courts .
NULL thirdly , this agreement falls within the framework of the european union 's new policy towards mediterranean countries .
NULL ii . the proposal for a council directive amending directive 91/494/ eec on animal health conditions governing intra-community trade in and imports from third countries of fresh poultry meat ( com ( 95 ) 0535 - c 40028/96 - 95/0269 ( cns ) )
NULL we needed at least two months to do this work with the required care , even at maximum speed .
NULL but , here again , you should recognize that the commission does attack that , by avoiding the creation of dominant situations through its merger policy . that applies in your country too , mr wijsenbeek , because when the private channels pool their resources to try to dominate the market , we step in .
NULL - question 30 ( fayot ) : the european parliament 's right of initiative
NULL secondly , the same european rules should apply to public service broadcasting and to commercial stations offering capacity for public services .
NULL europe is at a crossroads , and we must demonstrate to all the member states that it will be in their interests to be inside , rather than outside , the monetary union .
NULL in future the night sittings will be reported not just in one language but in both english and french .
NULL at the present time there is a broad expression of support for more borrowing and lending activities but an unwillingness to change the mechanism for providing the resources that are necessary to the guarantee fund .
NULL we obviously think that it is possible to contribute to the funding of peace observers and human rights monitors as an important measure in the scope of the peace process .
NULL i feel i have to - and will make an attempt to - explain the situation factually and objectively and , to do so , i will simply refer to some newspaper headlines on events in spain ( i am referring to the spanish case ) : on 11 july 1992 , el diario de melilla ran a headline stating ' reserve police forces to make africans abandon their rally ' .
NULL recommendation for second reading ( a 4 - 0308/96 ) on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the common position adopted by the council with a view to the adoption of a european parliament and council decision on establishing a support programme in the field of books and reading ( ariane ) ( c 4 - 0377/96 - 94/0189 ( cod ) ) ( rapporteur : mrs mouskouri )
NULL the second point relates to a suitable budgetary allocation , as opposed to that proposed by the council , which is totally inadequate and unacceptable .
NULL the eu must allocate more resources particularly for the naval services in those countries in the short-term .
NULL firstly , we have a legal framework .
NULL over recent years the devastation caused has been immense , particularly in venezuela .
NULL i think that this is not sufficient reason to lose hope and weaken our efforts .
NULL the granting of economic aid and also the establishment of closer links between the european union and croatia clearly depend on three factors of which i will remind you : firstly , total respect by croatia of its obligations under the dayton and paris peace agreements .
NULL the structural funds are currently geared to geographical ' objective regions ' , on the basis of criteria of weak development .
NULL the first is minimum social standards .
NULL this logic , and this mechanism , are socially criminal and economically damaging to the union .
NULL the commission is trying to address the plan in a way which will not give the idea that the situation is solved - far from it .
NULL on the outstanding areas of disagreement on the stability pact , what constitutes temporary and exceptional circumstances and the automaticity of fines for errant states , the eldr supports the room for manoeuvre and judgment indicated by the commission 's proposal .
NULL is there any threat to the date of 1 january ?
NULL we need to build and push on forwards on the basis of these initial developments .
NULL in such cases we have emphasized the importance of the issues and have dealt with them in detail including setting out options which a view to the further work of the conference .
NULL he or she ' may ' , mrs green , but it is not obligatory .
NULL it is what you would expect , and is hardly surprising .
NULL i think the european union must not wait too long , otherwise we run the risk of allowing the americans to seize the initiative once again .
NULL i note your observation .
NULL madam president , we want action from the commission so that we do not have to keep on asking it for the same things .
NULL it is right that the community institutions should echo that , and the proposal for a regulation which is before us is along the right lines .
NULL the european union has increased its aid considerably .
NULL the eu must show understanding of the situation .
NULL - ( es ) mr president , firstly allow me to thank the rapporteur , mr tillich , for his flexibility when discussing his document in committee , a place where there are not only contrasting ideological and regional views but also the contrasting views of the council and of the commission .
NULL an example is the region of north east italy where all of local wine production is sold and where further market outlets are needed .
NULL when you know the quality of the initiative of the council of europe , of which we here are the hosts , and which does a considerable body of work which has been kept under a wraps when it should have been the concern of our entire continent , all of these elements seem rather puzzling to us .
NULL the same mistakes are being made over and over again : whether we are talking about authorisation to import genetically modified maize from the united states or the lifting of the embargo on gelatine , suet and bovine sperm originating from britain , they are the same procedures which are leading the commission to substitute itself for the council and to act to the detriment of public health and the environment in our states .
NULL these measures may seem small but they are still important to our common goal of mobility within the internal market .
NULL if these were adjusted using the level of prices in the different countries the differences between regions and countries would be considerably reduced .
NULL what is more , in several member states , the authority responsible for supervising such institutions is different from the one in charge of supervising the system itself , which would lead to an artificial division of powers and create confusion .
NULL we in the freedom party have always declared our opposition to the transportation of live animals , especially to countries far beyond the frontiers of the eu , because of the intolerable suffering it involves for the animals , and so we regard it as our duty to demand the deletion of this passage from the commission proposal , a point on which , unfortunately , no comment is made in mr alavanos 's report .
NULL ojala ( gue / ngl ) . - ( fi ) mr president , now that i have heard commissioner flynn 's standpoint , i should like to state that i recommended the adoption of the amendments in question and that the recommendation concerning amendment 11 , to which i intended to make an oral amendment for 1999 , is now superfluous .
NULL - madam president , i would like to begin my contribution by paying tribute to the many very brave men and women in albania who have risked their lives and their livelihood in order to try to preserve peace , order and decency in that country .
NULL destructuring always entails costs - whether it be within the european union or within the territories and countries with which the european union is associated .
NULL the services concerned will study this matter and i shall then give you a full answer as soon as i can .
NULL in fact , telecommunication services and networks are fundamental if every citizen , enterprise or public authority is to have access to the type and amount of information that they need , including those situated in the least developed or peripheral regions .
NULL the ec treaty , and more precisely article 90 , already provides for a satisfactory equilibrium between , on the one hand , the objectives of market integration and free competition , and on the other hand , objectives of general economic interest .
NULL in the committee on research , technological development and energy - and , even more so , in the committee on environment , public health and consumer protection - we are always talking about internalizing all costs .
NULL it should have read : ' save the radioactive dinosaurs from extinction ' .
NULL this would turn the eu from a civil co-operation organisation into a defence union with common military and defence policy ambitions .
NULL so in future we really should think of the citizens and be united and then we will also achieve more in china .
NULL the report arrives at - and i quote - a ' definitely positive verdict regarding the implementation to date of the structural fund programmes in the three member states ' .
NULL - ( it ) mr president , i wish to second mr von wogau 's request , since my own vote , which was against , has not been recorded .
NULL we can fully endorse the comments that some of the appropriations for the save programme should be used to aid energy-efficient housing , and that all developments must be sustainable and take account of the protection of the environment , conservation of energy and best building practices ; these are also in line with the views of the great majority of the danish population .
NULL on the other hand , monetary policy can not bring down long term interest rates .
NULL farming is about producing food but also about managing the rural environment of which farmers are the main custodians .
NULL what is regrettable is the absence of any prospects of opening up the council of ministers .
NULL the fact that the eu accepts the petersberg undertakings , peace-keeping and peace-making missions in other words , is positive .
NULL economic relations are also political relations .
NULL so it is good that the emphasis is being placed on projects both within the eu and outside , for example in eastern europe and the third world .
NULL well , four months have gone by and i have received no reply whatsoever .
NULL it sends us a constant stream of documents about the information society .
NULL the commission proposes that a european conference be convened to deal not with directly enlargement-related issues but rather with fields like foreign policy and the fight against international crime where we need our partners ' cooperation and the conference should forge closer links with all european associated countries aspiring to eu membership .
NULL - mr president , when i say that members of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection did not dwell too long on their opinion on this report , it demonstrates not a lack of interest nor an absence of strongly held , informed , scientifically backed views , but rather the commendable virtue of consistency .
NULL some women 's lives could have been saved if their appeals for help had been heeded , and this shows that the problem of violence against women is related not only to domestic situations made difficult by marginalization or poverty ( there is violence against women in all social classes ) , but also to deep-rooted social values which make allowances for the attacker .
NULL in addition to the cordoning off of the territories , israel continues , in particular , to freeze the tax receipts due to the palestinian authorities , even though as recently as monday they announced they were going to free up half the amount due to the palestinian authorities , that is 50 % of the amount , which equals some 50 million shekels .
NULL while today president santer and i have been focusing on the employment guidelines , we also approved two other documents .
NULL over the next decade it is going to decline .
NULL on the other hand , the commission 's text suffers from an important gap concerning the case where animals are directly imported by third countries , without passing through european union operators .
NULL of course , it is said that no real decentralization has occurred , only a deconcentration .
NULL it is a practical proposal that is being obstructed by brussels .
NULL so we hope that the lack of understanding and the resulting lack of support in the future will give rise to far fewer problems in terms of , say , recognition of examination certificates and hence the true freedom of movement of labour .
NULL among the many interesting points put forward in mr hernández mollar 's report i detected two areas on which i think he is trying to place somewhat more emphasis .
NULL i consider that we have reached the point at which the system that we have had for many years has outlived its usefulness .
NULL that , incidentally , shows that the relationship between the national parliaments and the european parliament is much better than many people think , and that is a good thing , because we have many common interests .
NULL report ( a 4 - 0349/97 ) by mr orlando , on behalf of the committee on civil liberties and internal affairs , on the draft joint action adopted by the council on the basis of article k. 3 of the treaty on european union on making it a criminal offence to participate in a criminal organization in the member states of the european union ( 10407/97 - c 4 - 0480/97 - 97/0913 ( cns ) )
NULL i am aware that that is not the job of the commission or of the commissioner , but i should still like to ask if you , as a commissioner , could assume a common european line during all your discussions and efforts .
NULL - madam president , i would like to thank my old friend mr ripa di meana for his presentation this morning .
NULL no , enlargement is a chance to create a common area of welfare and security in europe , and we must seize that chance !
NULL in other words , it is for us to define the new financial framework within the context and objective of stabilization of community expenditure , which can be translated as : in line with the balancing of national budgets .
NULL the enlargement process must lead to the export of security and not the import of insecurity !
NULL - madam president , i must admit i find it unusual at this stage in the budgetary procedure not to be fighting for something .
NULL regarding irish meat , i would like to state very clearly that the commission has protested strongly about the interference which has taken place in various british ports .
NULL another objection was that the inuits of northern canada can only live off tourism , in the style of marie antoinette , who suggested that the starving people of paris should eat cake if they were unable to buy bread .
NULL it will not necessarily mean extending the scope of the qualified majority decision as proposed by three member states in a declaration appended to the treaty .
NULL our answer to both questions is no ' .
NULL food is not such a simple matter .
NULL this is why it is important to harmonize emission levels in this area for all the member states and for all companies , whatever their size .
NULL since the adoption of the pepper report last january financial participation has , amongst many other topics , been discussed in the context of the green paper on partnership for a new organization of work .
NULL - at the extraordinary meeting of the european council on employment held in luxembourg on 20 and 21 november 1997 , the member states agreed unanimously on a new coordinated approach to tackling the community-wide problem of unemployment , whilst respecting the principle of subsidiarity and accepting that different nations ' situations will result in differing emphasis .
NULL would you not agree that a major contribution to raising the living standards of the cuban people would be the immediate lifting of the american embargo ?
NULL the other thing i would like to take up is the experience from the schengen agreement which has a similar structure to the eurodac system .
NULL against the background of the european commission 's green paper on the effect of traffic on the environment and the white paper on the future development of a common transport policy , people have repeatedly explained the necessity of making the eu 's transport policy environmentally suitable .
NULL nevertheless , i should like to take the opportunity to finish my sentence .
NULL the argument that zoos are essential to the conservation of endangered species is not borne out by experience .
NULL i believe this agreement can make a considerable contribution to the processes of modernization and economic development to which the republic of yemen has committed itself .
NULL some member states have introduced additional measures on a national basis .
NULL in response to the amendments proposed by mr grosch , amendments nos 4 and 5 add clarity to the text .
NULL however , as you know , the commission has no authority in this matter to implement many of the measures you ask for in your resolution .
NULL in particular the preparation for citizens and companies is essential .
NULL my other point is this : now is the time to consider the harmonization of penalties and their application throughout the whole community , so that drivers penalized , say , in england , wales or france are not still able to drive in germany or belgium .
NULL our american partners have indicated that given the need for continued negotiations on a number of crucial issues they think that the april deadline can not be met .
NULL we must deepen our existing contractual relations .
NULL - ( fr ) we are regularly called upon to give our views on judicial and police matters .
NULL we will do that in the latter part of the year .
NULL in one of the most delightful member states of the european union , exceeding the speed limit can be detected by a police officer with the naked trained eye , as it is said .
NULL it seems to me that is not a ' pretend ' decision of the transport council , it is a decision .
NULL we ask the public prosecution service to conduct the necessary enquiries , including cross-examining the members , but to keep us informed and not to take any measures against the members in question which could prevent them from carrying out their duties in our institution before we have been given an opportunity to express our view .
NULL time and time again in holy scripture we are warned against what is called genetic confusion .
NULL - mr president , on behalf of the socialist group i would like to welcome the reports of mrs hautala , hulthén and pollack all of which make an important contribution to improving air quality and protecting human health in the environment within europe .
NULL a forward looking approach and new ideas are important , but both socrates and erasmus as well as youth for europe ' have all become highly respected programmes in europe over recent years and this situation should continue .
NULL - ( fi ) mr president , the commission 's announcement on the promotion of a combined heat and power industry in the eu area is an important step forward for energy policy .
NULL similarly , we have doubts about the period specified by this protocol - only two years , and therefore less than in most ec agreements of this type - which will not provide sufficient operational stability for the community fleet .
NULL the second is clearly the climatic consequences of energy .
NULL as we have learned over bosnia , we can not afford to rely on president milosevic 's word .
NULL there are many factors which determine the location of a business .
NULL that principle has been rightly secured by this judgment .
NULL howitt ( pse ) . - mr president , in welcoming this report i should like to highlight the purpose of my own amendments to the report by the committee on development and cooperation .
NULL - aelvoet recommendation ( a 4 - 0165/98 )
NULL parliament thus does not want any extension in additives in flour-treatment agents as we feel this is unnecessary and there are already enough products .
NULL it is very much a question of whether such an effort were feasible on the basis of the attitude of the leadership of the yugoslavian army , which in itself is a positive signal , but something that can not be ruled out .
NULL however , unfortunately during the negotiations a major change was introduced to accommodate british insistence on the veto .
NULL in this connection , i wish to stress that the best way significantly to improve the quality of the administrative activities of community institutions and bodies is to adopt a code of good administrative behaviour , in the same way as rules on public access to documents have been adopted by the community institutions and bodies .
NULL i recall that the on 13 july the council urged general abubakar to release all the remaining detainees and to clarify his plans for future elections .
NULL i am thinking of the life programme for example .
NULL recommendation for second reading ( a 4 - 0295/98 ) , on behalf of the committee on transport and tourism , on the common position adopted by the council ( c 4 - 0338/98 - 97/0039 ( syn ) ) with a view to adopting a council directive establishing a safety assessment of third-country aircraft using community airports ( rapporteur : mr gonzález triviño )
NULL i am only referring to your own data .
NULL it is significant that the provisions of article 8 b ( 2 ) expressly state that the political rights covered by it are without prejudice to article 138 ( 3 ) and the provisions adopted for its implementation .
NULL this is a much fairer option .
NULL given the current state of the labour market and the income differentials between men and women , the latter receive less unemployment benefit on average . this is in spite of the policy of equal opportunities , providing for equal pay for male and female workers , as sanctioned by article 119 of the maastricht treaty , an article with which we are very familiar and have discussed several times in this house .
NULL jean-marie le pen intended to open pandora 's box , in an attempt to let out the old demons of our common past ; but he has made an error which could cost him dear .
NULL - ( sv ) we have now reached the final stage in this report 's lengthy passage through the house .
NULL it is not even certain that , at the end of day , the euro will be as effective as expected in a globalised market whose finances are destabilised .
NULL the system of emergency satellite or cellular links should cut reaction time for the emergency services by more than 40 % , and the survival rate should increase by between 7 and 12 % . the collision alert system , coupled with on-board computers , should increase driver safety and , what is more , the vms should cut traffic delays by 20 % .
NULL the west did not say it explicitly , but at the beginning , the reality was that they let milosevic kill in kosovo because he was said to be crushing the so-called kosovo liberation army , whose revolt it was which shattered the deathly calm in kosovo , and at last turned the eyes of the world on this miserable serbian regime of apartheid .
NULL you all have a stake in some government somewhere , on which we are not getting a return .
NULL any further transfer of powers to uclaf and the appropriation of more financial resources for the recruitment of officials must be undertaken as part of the control of fraud in the eu 's own institutions and must not constitute a move towards a european prosecution authority .
NULL the only thing left , therefore , was a community approach to the problem involving harmonisation of the rules protecting services based on , or consisting of the provision of conditional access .
NULL in this respect , i should like to point out that the two debates that took place in committee were marked by unanimity and a common desire to accept the proposals put forward by the commission through increased effort .
NULL i believe that these twin developments are worrying and that we can not accept reforms on the cheap .
NULL rübig ( ppe ) . - ( de ) madam president , i wanted to inform you that 100 francs have disappeared from my petty cash .
NULL it is surely unacceptable that roads , for instance , should be built with contaminated materials .
NULL allied to that , the committee has also protected the ability of national preferences and regional variations to continue , whilst at the same time accepting that certain standards of accessibility are required .
NULL my thanks also go to mr rübig , who not only asked questions , but played a constructive role in this whole discussion .
NULL if it is established , the performance reserve - at least as it is in the commission 's current proposal , with a figure of 10 % - will in practice be a political instrument that is unnecessary and even counterproductive .
NULL i have been listening very carefully to this debate .
NULL - ( es ) madam president , mr president-in-office of the council , commissioner , nobody doubts that a reform is necessary and nobody doubts that the common agricultural policy is not entirely fulfilling the role assigned to it in the treaty .
NULL the people who lose out are public sector employees in the respective countries .
NULL i regret that this is rather late but we only took up our posts in 1995 and the screening could not be carried out overnight .
NULL slovakia has changed course , towards a normal democratic system in which there is respect for the constitution , acceptance of opposition , a directly elected president , a transparent society with a place for every citizen , including the hungarian minority which is represented in the new government and , most importantly , where there is an attitude of openness towards the european union .
NULL i now regret that this opportunity has not been grasped to abolish the fund or to stipulate that members wishing to belong to it must finance it entirely from their own pockets .
NULL - ( de ) mr president , the programme ' preserving the ecosystem ' would more correctly have been called ' repairing the ecosystem ' , because with many of these programmes - and i need remind you only of the structural funds - we are continuing to destroy and rob the planet before we are even aware of all that it has to offer .
NULL first of all i am glad that rather than telling us about the book-keeping for the next six months you have put the decisions facing the german presidency of the council in the longer-term perspective of the development of the european union .
NULL however , these consequences are also contributing , in a transitional phase , to the liberalisation and restructuring measures which , with our backing , are being implemented .
NULL a first meeting took place in ottawa on 7 and 8 december 1998 .
NULL so now and then we should also try to do so through political decisions .
NULL all reports have their good points , and this one is no exception .
NULL i have apologised to you , commissioner , because i can not stay .
NULL this is somewhat illogical when what really disrupts the welfare of the hens is that they can not satisfy the particular egg-laying needs which are natural to them .
NULL in any case , when i meet president santer , which happens very often now , i will raise the question with him .
NULL - ( fr ) madam president , human rights and citizens ' rights are not principles that are infinitely variable .
NULL politics is the art of reality , not of utopia .
NULL i personally belong to the group which supports the commission 's seven-year rule but not the simplified procedure , although a simplified procedure could become a possibility if we considered a renewal of the marketing authorisation for the products , in other words extending the seven years .
NULL we can not expect to see perfect results immediately .
NULL for this reason , mr bardong 's report and the commission 's proposal are to be strongly supported .
NULL i think something needs to change there .
NULL in other words , public budgets are being asked to continue to bear the burden of infrastructure funding , while private railway undertakings are exploiting the capacity of the rail networks .
NULL i support the comments made by mr trakatellis on the difficulties and the fundamental inability of greek producers to carry out tobacco transfers . greek producers are small and medium-sized tobacco producers and it is impossible to replace the qualities they cultivate . essentially , in the infertile soil where the tobacco is grown , it is impossible for them to switch to better varieties in such a short time .
NULL i therefore expect the council of ministers to prepare a very forthright declaration on colombia for the forthcoming un meeting in geneva .
NULL moving on to amendments nos 4 to 8 and 12 , which are linked to the reform of the economic conditions under the customs regimes , the commission is able to accept amendments nos 6 and 12 , but can not set aside its proposal , as required under amendment no 4 . the commission can , however , clarify the wording of its initial proposal .
NULL amendments nos 9 and 13 concern the issue of the good faith of the economic operators .
NULL on the matter of working conditions as well , the commission is seeking equal treatment irrespective of whether the crew members are resident in a member state or not .
NULL i quote : ' the external auditor ( the court of auditors ) produced reports which were clear and to the point ( for example in 1992 and 1996 on tourism and in 1996 on med and echo ) . however , only one of the two arms of the budgetary authority ( parliament ) gave them proper consideration ' .
NULL in a few weeks , the amsterdam treaty will enter into force .
NULL the proposal for a council directive concerns the incineration of waste that is not covered by this directive , that is , non-hazardous waste , such as urban waste and certain other types of hazardous waste that are excluded from the scope of the previous directive .
NULL we are therefore able to accept the amendments which mr blokland and mr eisma in particular underlined as important for their positions .
NULL i should like to express my sincere thanks to him for that and for this annual report .
NULL the first relates to the splitting of pension rights acquired during married life in favour of women who have given up their careers to look after their families and who , in the event of divorce after 20 or more years of marriage , are particularly liable to fall below the poverty line .
NULL with this in mind , i ask you to vote in favour of this report .
NULL we are pleased to find that all these points are referred to in the draft resolution .
